We are fighting a war
at the moment it does not consist of men
armed consists of information
ah
there is an important novelty we have a
Soviet spy
We want you to defend him. I'm a lawyer
I have not worked for years
criminal has represented many defendants
spies will be the first time for the two
be careful
the town is scared that man is
a threat that will tell people
this is the family of the man who wants
free a fallen all deserve to be
defended each person is important
from now on they will stop referring to
lu2 as a reconnaissance plane
to take pictures about territory
Soviet
that has been good in a minute spy
our with a lot of information
confidential we have at
Soviet we want you to negotiate the
exchange without governments intervening
could avoid a thermonuclear conflict
total with the Soviet Union I'm
talking about the safety of your country
where they want a
oriental berlin negotiation just that no
you are going to be in danger
to close
I do it for us
there are few accesses to the east and
the rule of law 'is there less
seated you avoid relating to
nobody would reject you are a
abroad we must maintain the
conversation that our governments do not
they join
it's american they could keep it away
of the wall if it crossed tyrant
there are many people who do not want
this exchange and be done we are not going to
Leave
everything starts to fall apart and you're
things have a cost a cost for you
country and your family
we do not need it to be an exchange